evening dr. Brown what's with the wire
all just well why they experiment what
you got under here
don't talk touch that some new
specialized weather sensing equipment
well I got a permit for that or cycle
uh-huh you aren't gonna set anything on
fire this time are you docking aah hey
kid you better pick up your mom and get
going
Yeah right you look a little pale are
you okay I don't know doc you mean II
seized this whole thing with my mother
well I just don't know if I can go
through with it hitting on her don't
please hit anything about hitting her
you're just gonna take a few liberties
with her that's what I mean I mean god I
can't believe I'm actually gonna feel up
my own mother you know this is the kind
of thing that could screw me up
permanently
well what if I go back to the future and
I end up being gay why shouldn't you be
happy I gotta go pick up my mother good
listen if things don't work out at the
dance tonight and my folks don't get
back together when do you think I'll
start to fade out beats the [ __ ] out of
me
you